Create AE challenge (#25)
croct-tech/challenges: account-executive/README.md

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://croct.com">
      <img src="https://cdn.croct.io/brand/logo/repo-icon-green.svg" alt="Croct" height="80"/>
    </a>
    <br />
    <strong>Sales Presentation</strong>
    <br />

>     Conduct a sales meeting with a potential customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Conduct a sales meeting with a prospective client.
```
